README.md, before:

# google-pubsub-component [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]
> Interact with Google Pub-Sub API

# google-pubsub-component
Google Pubsub component for the [elastic.io platform](http://www.elastic.io &#34;elastic.io platform&#34;)

If you plan to **deploy it into [elastic.io platform](http://www.elastic.io &#34;elastic.io platform&#34;) you must follow sets of instructions to succseed**. 

## Before you Begin

Before you can deploy any code into elastic.io **you must be a registered elastic.io platform user**. Please see our home page at [http://www.elastic.io](http://www.elastic.io) to learn how. 

We&#39;ll use git and SSH public key authentication to upload your component code, therefore you must **[upload your SSH Key](http://docs.elastic.io/docs/ssh-key)**. 

If you fail to upload you SSH Key you will get **permission denied** error during the deployment.

## Getting Started

After registration and uploading of your SSH Key you can proceed to deploy it into our system. At this stage we suggest you to:
* [Create a team](http://docs.elastic.io/docs/teams) to work on your new component. This is not required but will be automatically created using random naming by our system so we suggest you name your team accordingly.
* [Create a repository](http://docs.elastic.io/docs/component-repositories) where your new component is going to *reside* inside the team that you have just created.

Now as you have a team name and component repository name you can add a new git remote where code shall be pushed to. It is usually displayed on the empty repository page:

```bash
$ git remote add elasticio your-team@git.elastic.io:your-repository.git
```

Obviously the naming of your team and repository is entierly upto you and if you do not put any corresponding naming our system will auto generate it for you but the naming might not entierly correspond to your project requirements.
Now we are ready to push it:

```bash
$ git push elasticio master
```

## License

Apache-2.0 © [elastic.io GmbH](http://elastic.io)


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/google-pubsub.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/google-pubsub
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/elastcio/google-pubsub.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/elastcio/google-pubsub
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/elastcio/google-pubsub.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/elastcio/google-pubsub

Commit message:

Updated readme and component.json

README.md, after:

# google-pubsub-component [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]
> Interact with Google Pub-Sub API

# google-pubsub-component
Google Pubsub component for the [elastic.io platform](http://www.elastic.io &#34;elastic.io platform&#34;)

If you plan to **deploy it into [elastic.io platform](http://www.elastic.io &#34;elastic.io platform&#34;) you must follow sets of instructions to succseed**. 

## Before you Begin

Before you can deploy any code into elastic.io **you must be a registered elastic.io platform user**. Please see our home page at [http://www.elastic.io](http://www.elastic.io) to learn how. 

We&#39;ll use git and SSH public key authentication to upload your component code, therefore you must **[upload your SSH Key](http://docs.elastic.io/docs/ssh-key)**. 

If you fail to upload you SSH Key you will get **permission denied** error during the deployment.

## Getting Started

After registration and uploading of your SSH Key you can proceed to deploy it into our system. At this stage we suggest you to:
* [Create a team](http://docs.elastic.io/docs/teams) to work on your new component. This is not required but will be automatically created using random naming by our system so we suggest you name your team accordingly.
* [Create a repository](http://docs.elastic.io/docs/component-repositories) where your new component is going to *reside* inside the team that you have just created.

Now as you have a team name and component repository name you can add a new git remote where code shall be pushed to. It is usually displayed on the empty repository page:

```bash
$ git remote add elasticio your-team@git.elastic.io:your-repository.git
```

Obviously the naming of your team and repository is entierly upto you and if you do not put any corresponding naming our system will auto generate it for you but the naming might not entierly correspond to your project requirements.
Now we are ready to push it:

```bash
$ git push elasticio master
```

## How authentication works

PubSub component authentication works with 
[Google IAM Service Accounts](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2ServiceAccount) 
and two-legged OAuth, in order to authenticate your component you would 
need to create a new Service Account on [Service Accounts Page](https://console.developers.google.com/permissions/serviceaccounts)
 of your project and download the JSON file with the private key.
 You would need ``client_email`` and ``private_key`` values 
 on component authentication page (see [here](https://github.com/google/google-api-nodejs-client#using-jwt-service-tokens)
 for more information).

## License

Apache-2.0 © [elastic.io GmbH](http://elastic.io)


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/google-pubsub.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/google-pubsub
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/elastcio/google-pubsub.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/elastcio/google-pubsub
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/elastcio/google-pubsub.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/elastcio/google-pubsub
